---
title: " Version 4.6: Feature Flags, UI Improvements & Better Error Handling"
description: "v4.6: Bug Fixes, Feature Flags & Better Error Handling"
pubDate: 2024-10-28T19:00:00.000Z
draft: false
version: 4.6.0
updated: 2024-10-28T19:00:00.000Z
versionreleasedate: 2024-10-28T19:00:00.000Z
tags:
  - Minior Release
---

We’re excited to share the latest updates with improved navigation, streamlined workflows, and enhanced error handling. This pull request introduces new components, fixes, and updates designed to improve usability and ensure a smoother user experience.

### Feature Highlights

With feature flags, we now provide the ability to toggle access to specific pages and components (such as blogs, newsletters, and projects) based on user preferences. Additionally, we’ve introduced a _Coming Soon_ component to inform users about upcoming features, and a new _access-denied_ page for alerting users when unauthorized access is attempted.

### Improved Error Handling

We’ve enhanced error handling across multiple pages and components to reduce the risk of runtime issues and ensure a seamless experience for all users.

### Enhanced UI & Interactivity

We’ve improved key user interface elements with better hover effects and updated styles to make interactions more intuitive and visually appealing.

### Better Content Organization

The addition of `ProjectCategory` in the project metadata allows for improved content organization and better categorization, making navigation easier and more efficient.

### Optimized Development Workflow

We’ve updated package versions and improved development scripts for a faster, more streamlined setup. These changes simplify collaboration and make it easier to maintain the application.

You can view all the changes and details here: [View Full Changes on GitHub](https://github.com/rafay99-epic/Astro-Portfolio-Blog/pull/61).

Thank you for your continued support and feedback!
